- **[Title](<Title.md>):** Patch (Computing)
- **[Author(s)](<Author(s).md>):** WikiData
- **[Abstract](<Abstract.md>):** A patch is a set of changes to a computer program or its supporting data designed to update, fix, or improve it. This includes fixing security vulnerabilities and other bugs, with such patches usually being called bugfixes or bug fixes. Patches are often written to improve the functionality, usability, or performance of a program. The majority of patches are provided by software vendors for operating system and application updates. Patches may be installed either under programmed control or by a human programmer using an editing tool or a debugger. They may be applied to program files on a storage device, or in computer memory. Patches may be permanent (until patched again) or temporary. Patching makes possible the modification of compiled and machine language object programs when the source code is unavailable. This demands a thorough understanding of the inner workings of the object code by the person creating the patch, which is difficult without close study of the source code. Someone unfamiliar with the program being patched may install a patch using a patch utility created by another person who is the Admin. Even when the source code is available, patching makes possible the installation of small changes to the object program without the need to recompile or reassemble. For minor changes to software, it is often easier and more economical to distribute patches to users rather than redistributing a newly recompiled or reassembled program. Although meant to fix problems, poorly designed patches can sometimes introduce new problems (see software regressions). In some special cases updates may knowingly break the functionality or disable a device, for instance, by removing components for which the update provider is no longer licensed. Patch management is a part of lifecycle management, and is the process of using a strategy and plan of what patches should be applied to which systems at a specified time.
- **[Type](<Type.md>):** Encyclopaedia article
- **[Source](<Source.md>):** https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Patch_(computing)&oldid=1109048353
- **[Zotero link](<Zotero link.md>):** [Local library](zotero://select/library/items/EVT97JIG)

# Backlinks
## [Virtual DOM上的diffing algorithm 是負責比對元件間、畫面間的內容來獲得差異算法，而patch algorithm則是將前者的差異轉換Real DOM 來更新DOM Tree](<Virtual DOM上的diffing algorithm 是負責比對元件間、畫面間的內容來獲得差異算法，而patch algorithm則是將前者的差異轉換Real DOM 來更新DOM Tree.md>)
- [@wikidataPatchComputing2022a](<@wikidataPatchComputing2022a.md>)

